# KEIGO
#### Video Demo:  <URL [https://youtu.be/S-AByXIQsbk]>
#### Description: As the number of foreign residents in Japan continues to grow, the population of foreign workers is increasing rapidly. Thus, it will be necessary for the workers to adapt to the Japanese workplace etiquette. This includes mastering the unique talking style: KEIGO. My website allows people to input a English or Japanese sentence, generating a Japanese Keigo style prompt. While standard translators convert English sentences into Japanese, it lacks the ability capture the nuances of Keigo required for communicating with seniors. Unlike general AI tools that require several attempts to get the right tone, my application generates a professional, high-quality result in just a single click. The application is divided into 2 modules: Email and Call. Each includes a "Romaji" checkbox,  which will allow Non-Japanese-Speakers to read the generated Keigo result using the English-Alphabet. Ultimately, my program will allow foreign workers to email/call freely without the worry of insulting their superiors in their workspace. The process to generating the Keigo prompt is simple. First I create the prompt that I will send to the AI. In prompt.js, using object based mapping, the program finds the prompt that best matches the users requirements. By passing the parameters from index.js/frontend and passing that to generate.js, the program constructs a response exports this to prompt.js/frontend where it is displayed.
